possible future improvements: 
detect double colons
print with format
function size for lists would allow distributivity of count(list of events)
unsolved problem with priority of unary minus
print should remove quotes and format numbers and times


v2.817: added function tell and print( )
	added synonym "or when"

v2.810: corrected whand_V2_8.py (autotests only compiled)
	corrected operations.py (do_load, do_match)
	modified test g files.txt
	testerror and infinite loop detection

v2.809: whand offline for .dat files
	PAUSE and RESUME without offset (code 39, 79)

v2.808: whand offline for .e01 files
	improved operator match
	corrected failed updating of pins during simultaneity 

v2.8: refactoring
	since now does not trigger after start unless explicitly stated
	corrected bug in whand_controlpanel callback when too fast
	Whand_compile now detects double values in a clause

v2.702: corrected bug in compile accessory variables

v2.701: Linux (Raspberry pi) compatibility. 
	Rewritten io and precompile
	Changed special char to backward quote
	corrected minor bugs

v2.606: call controlled_proba (whand2.6 and whand_io)

v2.605: New_session button to repeat sessions
	improved number formatting in controlpanel
	made some empty operations yield empty list
	improved cp.finish to cancel callbacks (Python3.8 compatibility)
	added full path to windll import
	corrected initialization in new session
	reset outputs in error or abort
	corrected function time (absolute)

v2.604: allowed "รง" and replaced it with "c"
	removed trailing zeros in float display
	corrected bug in infinite loop message
	adjusted message sizes in controlpanel
	corrected some error messages
	detect nature errors in list+delay (not sufficient)
	allowed when in names
	Speed_factor parameter under controlpanel
	corrected display of lags

v2.603: check all chars are printable
	fixed minor bugs

v2.6: changed index 0 to -1

v2.503: yoked boxes
	improved controlpanel

v2.502: improved nature conflict detection
	improved deep list changes
	display and touch support
	de-randomized make_conditions

v2.500: parameter option for warnings
	display source name
	use run file name as script name
	size of occur bounded and count attribute
	fixed evaluation order plus random option
	race detection and unstable condition detection
	modified function To
	accessory variables (prime) for user-defined functions
	changes syntax for arguments (prime) in user-defined functions
	separated whand_io from whand_driver for easier hardware adaptation
	renamed analog input as measure
	added read, write and command as keywords
	removed take and idem syntax (be and old)
	forced output to Bln	
	removed references to piface
	improved display of named pins in interactive mode
	implicit multiplication

v2.301: identify subscripted objects as lists (whand_operators)
	improved nature determination
	integral copy of lists in idem
	removed rt.deep_idem (too slow)

v2.300: corrected pin input bug
	improved pin display
	improved count display
	export visible variables and counts
	autosize and fixed window
	allow window closure if all scripts are inactive
	reduced printout of initial values
	removed sv.Stochastic
	replaced take with be 
	module whand_parameter.py	

v2.222: improved controlpanel
	fixed window size
	order of show
	implicit hide
	colors
	corrected rt.getlistlist
	syntax checks

v2.220: cleanup of main
	added function listfind
	improved display of counts
	improved output and store when does not change
	improved next and pointer
	improved detection of double list declaration
	improved list indices as lists
	improved stochastic at start
	store at start only after full initialization

v2.218: continued cleanup of runtime
	corrected initialization of controlpanel
	simplified some functions
	changed begin start into start

v2.217: continued cleanup of runtime
	refactored external calls

v2.215: continued cleanup of compile
	refactored nature determination

v2.214: continued cleanup of compile
	refactored user function solving

v2.213: continued cleanup of compile
	improved and simplified treejoin
	improved getnature  and determine

v2.212: refactored priorities (wrong before)
	started cleanup of precompile and compile
	corrected Nequal for Booleans
	improved stochastic initialization

v2.211: prevented changing delay when event itself does not change

v2.210: improved updating of volatiles in expressions

v2.209: made package ready to install with Python 3.6
	improved precompile to allow nested includes

v2.208: improved controlpanel with multiple boxes on a single panel
	save file in subdirectory 'data'
	look for run file and scripts in subdirectory 'scripts'

v2.207: improved io.closebox
	cleanup precompile (not finished) 
	added to autotest include,  elevator, mastermind

v2.2: interfacing with ASi!
	moved variable initialized and initio to ensure correct exit
	corrected timing of inputs in runtime
	added initbox to main and whand_io
	separate logging for boxes
	improved unused, uninitialized and undefined detection
	output file name autoincrement
	changed 'text' to 'state' and added 'take' as a new abbreviation to replace 'nature'
	improved function 'since' to only work on offsets

v2.104: changed compile/determine and treejoin2 to better match treejoin

v2.103: changed Plus to prevent delayed events to reooccur when delay is changed. 
	Corrected bug in compile/verify_clauses and in main/absolute_times
	improved load and store
	corrected pointer
	modified add for events
	modified print to move it to whand_io
	improved delayed lists when changed after start

v2.102: changed controlpanel inputs (pinnumbers and buffer) to allow parallel scripts

v2.101: changed script input to allow parallel scripts

v2.100: changed sv module into a class to allow parallel scripts as class instances

v2.039: improved empty lists, created function hasvalue

v2.038: improved store, load and match

v2.037: Improved delayed lists. Tried to detect updating overflow. Closed tk window better. 'any change' is forbidden. 
	Modified Alphachange. Autochange Derived print as store(screen). Changed 'time' nature to 'delay'.
	Auto-change store/print value to list.

v2.036: corrected faults of v2.035. Improved determine. 
	Still problem with mastermind.txt but largely due to the script itself.

v2.035: reverted change to 'Any' to yield False even if some are None.
	improved determination of nature

v2.034: improved prepareval with deep_get and simplified ops. Modified initialization of Bln to [(None, None)] and logic 
	to avoid unfortunate effects during initialization. Modified setstatus. Lost a few tests in the process. 
	Improved deep_get.

v2.033: worked on function text. Improved exit at start, emptying files, nature in delayed lists, getnature
	improved controlpanel

v2.032: removed 'now' (use explicit events instead: e to f to measure time). 
	Improved tool.consequences.
	Lists of delayed objects
                   Various polishing.

v2.031: improved determine nature to detect roots as lists. Improved clear_delays. Improved updating of delayed objects. 
	Stricter nature check. Improved detectlist. Prevented updating when status is unchanged. Improved conditions for cached glitches.

v2.030: modified fuse_delays. Improved nature determination with reflection (nature must be fully solved before startvalue)

v2.029: improved new clauses numerization. Improved nature at start (but not yet fully ok).

v2.028: improved glitch processing by removing cache in rt.one-condition. Improved effects in list glitches. Removed updatechange to simplify. 
	Still unsure what node attributes must be copied in nd.copynode2.

v2.026-7: corrected rt.updatechange, tools.setstatus, rt.setvalue, evaluate

v2.023-5: simplified updating, corrected logic!

v2.022: tried removing alwaysend, dynalists, improved detection of change in Bln. But some tests stopped working. Modified setstatus.
	tried removing  cached Begin/End but not a good idea yet (see later 2.028)

v2.021: corrected rt list update with None, treejoin with subscripts, some tests in startv

v2.020: find, isin for Bln, small bugs

v2.019: within, find, improved recognition of True/False, isin for Bln
             improved distributivity problem with Bln in ppv

v2.018: pick, sort, to, since, isin, time, now, is empty, detection of ineffective objects, list begin/end (to be improved)

v2.017: improved Match, detectlist

v2.014: tests that work are included in autotest

The purpose of V2 is to regularize some early specificities that complicate very much the design.
- suppression of status. Instead, the value of a Boolean, is a tuple (timeon, timeoff) with None allowed as timeon or timeoff. False is (None, 0) and timeoff 0 is never delayed. A list cannot have a status, use (any L) instead. changeval and lasttime are removed.
- suppression of implicits, which were modified by their wrapper variable. They should be replaced by objects of a new nature: state. A state object can take any text value, except as forbidden by syntax. Quotes override syntax. States can be tested through function 'is' or 'isnot'.

still a problem when extracting a list element. It may be None or False, depending on its nature

n.b. Print cannot be tested in autotest

problem with delayed lists: 
- a list should never be delayed
- a list should not contain delon but references 

